readme.rst, before:

================================================================================
Example Cloudfier apps
================================================================================

This repository contains simple examples of Cloudfier applications.

For instructions on how to get these example apps into Cloudfier, 
`read this <http://cloudfier.com/doc/creating/examples/>`_.

When running these applications, it is usually possible to login as user 'guest' 
(no password), except if the application does not support anonymous login (check 
the mdd.properties file). The descriptions below include some examples of credentials
that can be used to log in.


Expenses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See Expenses example application own documentation for more information.

ShipIt
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Users can be either committers or reporters. Anyone can report and comment on issues. 
Committers can take over issues, resolve, assign them to other committers.

ShipIt Custom UI
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A custom UI for the ShipIt application above. Relies on the same back-end (API/business logic/persistence) as the generated UI.

Same users apply.

PetStore
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The traditional Pet Store application.

CarServ
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Application reverse engineered from the CarServ sample application that appears in the book 
`Domain-Driven Design Using Naked Objects <http://pragprog.com/book/dhnako/domain-driven-design-using-naked-objects>`_ by Dan Haywood.

Commit message:

readme.rst edited online with Bitbucket

readme.rst, after:

================================================================================
Example Cloudfier apps
================================================================================

This repository contains simple examples of Cloudfier applications.

For instructions on how to get these example apps into Cloudfier, 
`read this <http://cloudfier.com/doc/creating/examples/>`_.

When running these applications, it is usually possible to login as user 'guest' 
(no password), except if the application does not support anonymous login (check 
the mdd.properties file). The descriptions below include some examples of credentials
that can be used to log in.


Expenses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See Expenses example application own documentation for more information.

CarRental
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Simple app, but shows how to write test suites (run them with run-tests).

ShipIt
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Users can be either committers or reporters. Anyone can report and comment on issues. 
Committers can take over issues, resolve, assign them to other committers.

ShipIt Custom UI
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A custom UI for the ShipIt application above. Relies on the same back-end (API/business logic/persistence) as the generated UI.

Same users apply.

PetStore
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The traditional Pet Store application.

CarServ
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Application reverse engineered from the CarServ sample application that appears in the book 
`Domain-Driven Design Using Naked Objects <http://pragprog.com/book/dhnako/domain-driven-design-using-naked-objects>`_ by Dan Haywood.
